NOVEMBER 2022 HOUR OF INCREASE
Theme: REMEMBER ME OH LORD!
Pastor Andrew Eborka

Text: Nehemiah 13:14  
"Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof."

MESSAGE:
Beloved, God by His Spirit has declared to Us that this month, as a Church, is our month of Remembrance. It is your month of divine visitation. And to enjoy the blessings of the month, you need to know how to key in and align yourself properly.

Take note of the scripture again that says "Remember me, O my God, concerning this..."
Meaning, if you want God to remember you, it must be on account of something. There must be an anchor and a legal basis for Heaven to move on your behalf. It can be on account of your service in His vineyard, or on account of your giving, faithful and sacirifices. But you must bring forth your strong reasons (Isaiah 41:21). If you have been faithful in your service, please continue because this your due season for harvest.  And if you feel you've not been doing much for the Kingdom as at yet, this is a good time to get active in the service of the Master. Because God can not come down or leave His throne to come and do certain things on the earth. 

This is your Month of remembrance. This is your season of reward. And never forget that God is a faithful Rewarder (Hebrews 11:6). 
In Jeremiah 29:11 He says "For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end." 
This shall be your daily experience in this month of November in Jesus Name.

Psalm 37:23 assures us that "The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way." So, anything in your life that does not give God delight, May Heaven be provoked to attend to it speedily as you remain steadfast in your walk with God in this season. God wants us to succeed with ease. It is God's desire to give your rest roundabout in this season. So do your best to ensure you position yourself correctly to receive.

As Psalm 106:4  clearly states, "Remember me, O LORD, with the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O visit me with thy salvation;"
May God remember you with favour. May He visit you with His salvation and turn your life into an endless stream of His Goodness and His Mercies all the days of this month. 
In Jesus Name...!


